# Homework 4 AI Synthesis Activity

Only complete one of the assignments below! You can delete the other assignment in this document once you've made your choice.

## Activity: You used AI

### Part 1

> Cite the usage by including screenshots, a text transcript, or a link to the conversation with your AI of choice. Make sure to include any context, instructions, and all the conversations you had with the AI.

The transcript has been attached!

### Part 2

> Write about why you used AI. Was there a gap in knowledge you wanted to fill? Were the answers through traditional search engines not adequate? Did you want to let AI help you format something in a quick manner?

I used AI to speed up development and get some example code to learn what my code to implement a certain features should look like.

### Part 3

> Evaluate the AI's response. If you asked multiple questions, you can pick one of the responses the AI generated. Does the AI answer your question properly? Does it hallucinate any details? Could there be room to improve this response through manual editing? Did you accept this response fully or adapt parts of it into your work?

I think it's responses generally looked pretty good, there wasn't a clear sign of hallucination. I was able to incorporate the example code it provided into my work.

### Part 4

> If you used unfamiliar syntax or concepts generated by AI within your assignment, be sure to research them and explain what those concepts are to demonstrate your understanding.

I mainly used the AI to learn about implementing pagination in designing the backend APIs. What it provided clearly helped me understand the concept of pagination using offsets and limits, it seems to be a very clever way to prevent loading all the data at once and decrease response latency and improve user experience.